feat: add `$app/state` module (#13140)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/60-appendix/30-migrating-to-sveltekit-2.md

`svelte-migrate` will update your `package.json` for you.

As part of the TypeScript upgrade, the generated `tsconfig.json` (the one your `tsconfig.json` extends from) now uses `"moduleResolution": "bundler"` (which is recommended by the TypeScript team, as it properly resolves types from packages with an `exports` map in package.json) and `verbatimModuleSyntax` (which replaces the existing `importsNotUsedAsValues ` and `preserveValueImports` flags — if you have those in your `tsconfig.json`, remove them. `svelte-migrate` will do this for you).

## SvelteKit 2.12: $app/stores deprecated

> SvelteKit 2.12 introduced `$app/state` based on the [Svelte 5 runes API](/docs/svelte/what-are-runes). `$app/state` provides everything that `$app/stores` provides but with more flexibility of where and how you use it. Most importantly, the `page` object is now fine-grained, i.e. updates to `page.state` will not make listeners of `page.data` rerun.

Author: ```suggestion
SvelteKit 2.12 introduced `$app/state` based on the [Svelte 5 runes API](/docs/svelte/what-are-runes). `$app/state` provides everything that `$app/stores` provides but with more flexibility as to where and how you use it. Most importantly, the `page` object is now fine-grained, e.g. updates to `page.state` will not invalidate `page.data` and vice-versa.
```
